Oh emperor
Not in our palace
A big brother who is from the same hometown as the Empress just came.
Kitchen?
I might as well call him here
Show off your cooking skills in front of the empress
Maybe.
Can the emperor have dinner with the empress?
Good idea is trusting you one last time
Miss, can you smell it?
This is the taste of our authentic hometown cuisine
The cook specially invited by my concubine
Made a table of hometown dishes that my concubine loves to eat
Do you want to go on a mountain tour together?
Why are you looking for me?
Go find the person in your portrait
The people in this portrait can't eat either
concubine
You are a forgiver
Make a few more dishes for the Empress
Just leave the cook here
Look at you looking so useless
Eat slowly, no one will rob you.
Eat slowly
I'm going to pack up. Hmm?
Empress, are you alright?